go free choice on route bats is freelee
the banana go he'll welcome to another
episode today is bloody Wednesdays I
hope you enjoy
it's good morning this is what I'm going
to have before I go and do my ride in my
exercise and I like to eat too much
because my stomach is better I mean
working out it's better when I've got a
nice empty stomach
to some degree it depends on how much
you're working out in the morning but
I'm just doing fairly quick bike ride
under an hour so half a banana is all
I'm going to have so I will see you next
meal alright so this bike ride ooh I'm
doing this about every second morning
there's a city of that laid down there
it's a pretty steep climb just seeing a
mint but it's awesome I love it and
keeps me fit and I'm doing it for that
long like it's just my routine changes a
lot just depends on my mood really and
so at the steepest point it's about 22%
incline and usually it's hot and there's
flies everywhere flies in my mouth lies
my eyes but hey that's just the universe
sending a test to me saying are you
serious about this Hill Climb you're
going to make it happen I'm going to
throw some challenges at you and I also
see the Flies as little beings who bring
me into the present moment if I'm
thinking about other stuff makes me
focus on the present moment
hey free bats I just got back from my
ride and I am just gonna have some
bananas now so I got my twelve bananas
here
yummy yummy nice and ripe look at them
they might look like they're about to be
thrown out but they're really good
so I actually like this much water it's
a lot but I like like that so blend it
up I'm gonna add some coconut sugar as
well cuz I'm not cooker some coconut
sugar
I love the panel and off few hazelnut
drops that's bananas puppy up and now we
have our blended smoothie and it's gone
in it tastes amazing moment
so I'm out about just waiting here for
Holly is in the vegan shop over there
best vegan shop in Australia it's called
everything big in TV and I'm eating this
banana
this is really good banana hey this is
organic banana and a special but ours
I'm not sure what they call but our
friends dried them for us and without
that much - decent amount say hello the
other kids
a small breeze I love these mulberries
weather is amazing he's my favorite in
the world what she too small breeze
should shoot too soon should shoot me
too
it's like you're - it's just like a
smallest one is a feast yeah Oh quite
very I look green but actually right
yeah how they taste
yeah you can tell a lob wedge right
because it just knocks off your hand you
just touch it like that it just falls
into your hand we love this tree this
tree is very kind to us look at all
these mulberries on the ground these are
still good people these are yummy look
whoops
it's a beautiful little creature they
may look a bit green but seriously these
are the best - on the tree look
so I'm going to eight days until I can't
eat anymore
okay so here we have dinner and I've got
one point six kilos of potatoes that's
what I'm going to eat you're going to
see me cook them up now okay so here we
have the peeled potatoes yep that's the
same amount one point six kilos this is
my own potatoes all chopped up go on are
the days of one potato for dinner I'm
also gonna fall iceberg lettuce sell in
here
it's just iceberg lettuce a whole
lettuce and I love it
this is a route like particularly yummy
lettuce and I can make little potato
burgers out of it okay so I just
discovered that I was not filming this
whole thing right now I'll just speak
into the camera everything like that I
went to press stop and it wasn't
recording at all so you missed me eating
all my potatoes but I ate them all I
didn't chuck them in the bin I love my
potatoes and only use like a tiny bit of
sauce maybe like a tablespoon because
the flavor our potatoes are so good when
you get good ones put a little bit of
lemon juice cumin leak I'm a lettuce and
I'm all done I'm more carbs ah alright
so don't forget to go through to all
route yourself and I will see you